README.md, before:

# OpenAPI Generator plugin for IntelliJ IDEs

![Assemble Plugin](https://github.com/jimschubert/intellij-openapi-generator/workflows/Assemble%20Plugin/badge.svg)

This plugin allows for a sort of _spec_ driven development.

While designing your API, you can generate one or more clients from within the IDE to evaluate your changes.

Also install [intellij-swagger](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8347) for a seamless Swagger/OpenAPI editor experience.

# Building

```
./gradlew clean buildPlugin
```

# Running in IntelliJ

First, you'll need to [setup a development environment](http://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/basics/getting_started/setting_up_environment.html).

Then:

```
./gradlew runIde
```

NOTE: When running locally, if changes don't appear in the sandbox instance you may have forgotten to update the plugin version in `gradle.properties`.

# Usage

Open a Specification YAML or JSON file in IntelliJ. Supported specifications are: OpenAPI 2.0/OpenAPI 3.0. With the document active, navigate to Code -> OpenAPI -> Generate from Document.

Choose your desired generator and fill out options. Then, choose an output directory and generate.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See [./LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.

Swagger® is a registered trademark of SmartBear Software, Inc.

This project is not maintained by, or associated with, SmartBear Software, Inc.
This project is not maintained by, or associated with, OpenAPI Initiative (OAI) in anyway.

Commit message:

Restructure/CI improvements
This updates build files to Kotlin syntax and adds CI following the
Jetbrains plugin template repo samples.

README.md, after:

# OpenAPI Generator plugin for IntelliJ IDEs

![Assemble Plugin](https://github.com/jimschubert/intellij-openapi-generator/workflows/Assemble%20Plugin/badge.svg)

<!-- Plugin description -->
The OpenAPI Generator plugin allows you to generate client, server, or documentation code from your OpenAPI specifications within your IDE.
<!-- Plugin description end -->

This plugin allows for a sort of _spec_ driven development.

While designing your API, you can generate one or more clients from within the IDE to evaluate your changes.

Also install [intellij-swagger](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8347) for a seamless Swagger/OpenAPI editor experience.

# Building

```
./gradlew clean buildPlugin
```

# Running in IntelliJ

First, you'll need to [setup a development environment](http://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/basics/getting_started/setting_up_environment.html).

Then:

```
./gradlew runIde
```

NOTE: When running locally, if changes don't appear in the sandbox instance you may have forgotten to update the plugin version in `gradle.properties`.

# Usage

Open a Specification YAML or JSON file in IntelliJ. Supported specifications are: OpenAPI 2.0/OpenAPI 3.0. With the document active, navigate to Code -> OpenAPI -> Generate from Document.

Choose your desired generator and fill out options. Then, choose an output directory and generate.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See [./LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.

Swagger® is a registered trademark of SmartBear Software, Inc.

This project is not maintained by, or associated with, SmartBear Software, Inc.
This project is not maintained by, or associated with, OpenAPI Initiative (OAI) in anyway.
